Update anchor text (#4417)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-only-mode-considerations.md

While thousands of customers have successfully upgraded to Microsoft Teams, there are considerations that may influence your organization’s upgrade timeline and user experience along the way. In particular, having the option to upgrade doesn’t necessarily mean your organization is ready for this change. For the best user experience, confirm that Teams meets your collaboration and communication requirements, make sure that your network is ready to support Teams, and implement your user readiness plan before upgrading users to Teams. 

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > If you are just starting your upgrade planning, be sure to review our [guide on Microsoft Teams upgrade](upgrade-start-here.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are just starting your upgrade planning, be sure to review our [Getting started with your Microsoft Teams upgrade](upgrade-start-here.md) guide. 
```
